README.md, before:

# game_name_unknown
Undertale-inspired game made by newbies. This game if only a portion of the greatly acclaimed game "Undertale".

## Keys
WASD or arrow keys to move.
ESC or OS "close" button to exit the game

### Menu

- General navigation:
	- "7": Opens Inventory Menu
	- UP and DOWN arrows: Loops through the options
	- RIGHT arrow or enter: Enter submenu or execute action
	- LEFT arrow: Exit current submenu option
- Main menu options:
	- Top quadrant: Player's name, LVL and HP information
	- Bottom quadrant:
		- Items: Opens up inventory submenu, with items the player picked up and even more player related information
		- Exit: Exits menu
- Inventory submenu: 
	- Lets to choose the item (if any picked up) for more information, use or removal
	- Information about players LVL, as well as more elaborate information about the current and max HP and current and max XP, also shown visually with a bar
- Chosen item submenu:
	- Shows more information about the item, in the form of a short description
	- Use: Uses the item if it's usable
	- Remove: Removes the chosen item from the inventory
	

### Act switching

- "i": Camera Test Act: lets to change camera modes in the same environment as Test Act
- "o": Test Act: lets to test different game mechanics with cameras in fixed modes
- "p": School Act: lets walk around school-like assests

### Speed swithing

- "k": Normal speed
- "l": 5x Normal speed

### Fighting cheat

- "j": -50hp to the Boss

### Camera modes
To change camera modes, use:

- "1": Bordered following player mode
- "2": Following player mode
- "3": Standing still mode
- "4": Auto scrolling mode

### Resolution changing (default set to 3x the original assets):
- "9": Reduces the resolution by a multiple of the original resolution
- "0": Increases the resolution by a multiple of the original resolution

### Miscellaneous

- "h": Turns on hitboxes

Commit message:

added dialogue description to readme

README.md, after:

# game_name_unknown
Undertale-inspired game made by newbies. This game if only a portion of the greatly acclaimed game "Undertale".

## Keys
WASD or arrow keys to move.
ESC or OS "close" button to exit the game

### Menu

- General navigation:
	- "7": Opens Inventory Menu
	- UP and DOWN arrows: Loops through the options
	- RIGHT arrow or ENTER: Enter submenu or execute action
	- LEFT arrow: Exit current submenu option
- Main menu options:
	- Top quadrant: Player's name, LVL and HP information
	- Bottom quadrant:
		- Items: Opens up inventory submenu, with items the player picked up and even more player related information
		- Exit: Exits menu
- Inventory submenu: 
	- Lets to choose the item (if any picked up) for more information, use or removal
	- Information about players LVL, as well as more elaborate information about the current and max HP and current and max XP, also shown visually with a bar
- Chosen item submenu:
	- Shows more information about the item, in the form of a short description
	- Use: Uses the item if it's usable
	- Remove: Removes the chosen item from the inventory
	

### Act switching

- "i": Camera Test Act: lets to change camera modes in the same environment as Test Act
- "o": Test Act: lets to test different game mechanics with cameras in fixed modes
- "p": School Act: lets walk around school-like assests

### Speed swithing

- "k": Normal speed
- "l": 5x Normal speed

### Fighting cheat

- "j": -50hp to the Boss
- Mouse over the rock, paper, scisors (buttons also come in that order) options and right click to choose. Play until the Boss has no HP left (or use the cheat code).

### Dialogue

- Walk into to the NPC to initate dialogue
- Press ENTER to loop through the dialogue

### Camera modes
To change camera modes, use:

- "1": Bordered following player mode
- "2": Following player mode
- "3": Standing still mode
- "4": Auto scrolling mode

### Resolution changing (default set to 3x the original assets):
- "9": Reduces the resolution by a multiple of the original resolution
- "0": Increases the resolution by a multiple of the original resolution

### Miscellaneous

- "h": Turns on hitboxes
